now we are in front of the lg booth
and we'll show you some
news as they are likely to
reach the Brazilian market
We're going to jump there, people, let's go.
there running pretty
all the news that goes on that goes
To get to Brazil is the lg flex 2
in fact he has this name been released
the questioning internationally and
parceling us in brazil he arrived at
intelligence hour 2 flex play
signed by lg
I'm going to get a model here in my hand.
the club as light as the first one has
that curved design
it has here that texture that is the anti
that button also makes it easier to
call and take the sky because I'm
arriving phone and gum
mother and son
on the button
here the camera has not changed much
the population here of him
5.5 inches one oled on sale
even though the inep is already good and this was a
upgrade is 64-bit
boquita corp young pop blog camera
3 megapixel rear and camera
two front points
3,000 bentes battery has these
models here
We are good with ram and
internal storage
the staff here I'm going to fish the camera
the lg g2 flex
right
I took several photos
the problem of camera city
I do not see the fleet saying
the lancenet
looks
the panel that gay mitchell
of accounts in a 3 megapixel camera
is laser sensor to take more photo
quick has not lost or can only have here
in this state no element of the
the book does not leave anything
has a shadow of themes and this went well
to see the staff 8 the launch of the
lg and lg magna
and this model is coming to Brazil
and you will not even when the
I chose to excel, we already scored.
Yeah
in brazil it is gemada arrived with the name
from lg gir prime plus
it comes with an interesting comparison
5 inch personal screen one
definition that is
giga hertz capital beach and not really
and not
ever field great value for money
the 8-megapixel camera and front of 5
tabu 1 gb of camping with 8 gigabytes of
internal memory
me what is legal
for what?
the highlight
lg g time brought
it's a phone call from
cost / benefit touch his screen a lot
interesting to make a resolve
he responds very well here the commands
Touch
I'll try to have a picture of how it is.
that is
pedro ii the traffic seems to be well
Fast china come into the picture
it was nothing
The special one but what I found cool is
that he takes a photo after who already has the
point is nine hours
only it will only get there for the shelter
one more curiosity is the
another great LG icon
those who will not dare to throw in the
Brazil because the model df x 0 moto only
can thumb thumbs up
setting the rbs panel that is only
operational firefox 2.0
I did not even know yet
But ok , he's trying to find his place there.
sun and with the 1.2 ghz processor can
put the giga and half of dances and tomato
year
the population only for the second time léo
boy jack firefox is crazy, huh?
with him the team
here anybody button
of the card
it's the fox's drawing
now how much the operating system
staff is whatever means doubtful daughter
although everything that is new to us
strange not
we are tough, it might be
good at least suffered within the
background well this time
she notifies all is that the
settings
the storage
which has applications there the coordinates
the top 5
it's an absurd
you do not need to maybe install the
program
only there with a
the pc directly bad
already started to improve thing
so folks
It's this wait but I think it 's
It will take a long time to get to
Brazil
but I used staff